hello or greetings from him acted and good
Welcome to this video directly from a
very nice place a sunset
magnificent look back here
beautiful're here in Italy this one here
tower of pisa that tower that the pie
huh
We already spent the beautiful day here.
very tourist place than on the grass in this
It's not because the sun sets here
behind is there in the beautiful cathedral beyond me
there the cathedral is next to the other
very beautiful a very skinny sunset
I recorded this video only for
You follow it but I passed it.
a few days
I came here to train a song that
I want to share with you, I
so I'm not a good singer if I even record
some videos but I do not know how to do much
Anything else but I'll try to talk
who is pregnant at the same time prepares
Now is the time for you to earn a dollar.
It's just the refrain, come on then, my friend.
We are here in Italy.
we are excited because later we
we saw many people in Brazil suffering
with this company party business
edited company the people are called
Money pyramid right and personal is honest
Nice worker and see the government epa
of the public ministry is much more judgmental
who understands but what does everyone
multilevel epa né then arrives at this
bad play
ah ah ah I saw many people suffering
many people desistimular to work and
this is nothing tasty and enjoyable
see friends suffering because of it
people losing credibility because
they took your name, you and your friends and
money was their money for these
companies and ministry happened well
public and culture as well as the solution
we have to search globally
something that is outside of america
legally protected is that
is robust that is
financially organized then prepares
It's time for you to win on the ball now.
we are very excited and happy
why not do an excellent job at
international level
what ibge did exactly there
find a more reliable place to
to work
I could not wait for the ministry
public respond and then from there and from here
soon there is a new project the project
tech suddenly appears in Brazil, which is
beautiful is robust and innovative pizza and
even thought you look the project speaks
I hope you enjoy this project.
here you look at screens there eyes and look at the site
Look at the magnificent idea pays well
the plan pays well give it to everybody
earn a lot of money
but here comes the public ministry and
blocks everything in the first two or three
millionaires that emerge in your new
project a friend when the ministry
public thinks the pyramid thinks it is
cool you can rest assured it goes
close but the praise project is robust is
this is that in the other we have a lawyer
excellent friend let me count on you
problem
you and your company are in Brazil
I'll repeat the problem, it's not the plan.
Brazil Brazil then you will only speak a
important thing prepares that it is now
time you win in dollars we are
here at international level
we are looking for a beautiful robust business
nice smart company
legally protected for ever more
have to go through this situation
plus you sleep worried all those
Days that I'm with my friends too.
all these days worried about the day
next you will wake up and the company will
install and details if she comes back because
the public ministry spoke and finished
however if she comes back around different
changed the plan changed bonuses and then they
were forced to speak what was
Wonderful, you have to cut it down, but
that way companies will also have
to stop because you have to modify
because they pay too well and because they pay
too well not for this can have much
rich people in Brazil so the
people are going to do how to work at
global my friend will get a company
that is out of this box is out
disgusting system that these
things a lot of copulation together
I can not work with this anymore
predict right
Anyway, I'd rather go from stage to stage.
level and to a more reliable place
more enthusiastic about the
largest claw in a nice beautiful place acts
globally have people win check
You are thrilled if you want to win a
money in reais deny any bonuses
or made lots of money in reais
You have no idea how crunchy it is.
earn dollar earn your money
internationally
at this time that converts the currency is a
wonder to win your day at the level
international and yet and yet
so you know that legally you do not
depends on Brazil
legally does not depend on the
united is protected place is beautiful
Nice you do not have to be afraid
You're welcome, it's nothing to work, just sponsor it.
just be enthusiastic then come and see
with us stay tuned for the next days
We are going to do an excellent job and
I just came here to know to know
how does it work to know how
the project is only now
It's a wonderful place that Natalia and
I'll take all the information
possible here and elsewhere that
I'm going to visit here in Europe yet to
that you know we were doing there
I invite you to analyze analyze not
then it does not say that the car has passed and
now looking for project
in my point of view and it has to be
smart friend now everybody's there
in Brazil the government of eye beauty is not
calling everyone from rock pyramid
so let's get out of this line of fire neither
go fight with the government let's say that
We're cool with fame and we're going to do it.
All this but I do not want to go through
experience of having to fight with the
government without money with my staff to
suffering with our friends, right?
made loans to be able to have a
business so one worth more to pass
so I do not want to go through this anymore
prepare now is the time for you to win
in dollars come here let's make a
global business
It's very good to earn a dollar when it comes.
from various places in the world you have
friends in australia in canada
gives in chile in argentina in uruguay in
paraguay in portugal in spain where
sponsors come with 2 who are in
legally-owned global business
protected robust is born big
working in Europe with the rest of
world prepares that now is time for you
win in dollar
This is it my friends, I just want
really that everyone is very
happy
I'm not stupid or anything want most is
that people are excited that
industry works but in Brazil
let's get out of the box ready is now
time you win in dollar
we are together, let's go next step
next business where you will succeed
having more security is something more palpable
for you and that's it's the turn and langil
out of Brazil in several places
searching search we search and we arrive
in a more reliable place to wait for the
next information the coming months
that I'll let go so you can
interests and advises
now it's time for you to earn in dollars until
more friends a big hug from ibge
hu jintao